Leader autoreturn (#1979)
tarantool/cartridge: rst/topics/failover.rst

* Every appointment (self-made or fetched) is immune for a while
  (controlled by the ``IMMUNITY_TIMEOUT`` option).

> You can also enable ``leader_autoreturn`` to return leadership to the
> first leader in ``failover_priority`` list after failover was triggered.
> It might be useful when you have active and passive data center.
> Time before failover will try to return leader is configured by
> ``autoreturn_delay`` option in failover configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
You can also enable ``leader_autoreturn`` to return leadership to the
first leader in ``failover_priority`` list after failover was triggered.
It might be useful when you have active and passive data centers.
The time before failover will try to return the leader is configured by
``autoreturn_delay`` option in a failover configuration.
```

* ``fencing_enabled``: ``true`` / ``false`` (default: false).
* ``fencing_timeout`` -- time to actuate fencing after the check fails (default: 10).
* ``fencing_pause`` -- the period of performing the check (default: 2).

> * ``leader_autoreturn``: ``true`` / ``false`` (default: false).
> * ``autoreturn_delay`` -- time before failover will try to return master
>   in replicaset to the first instance in ``failover_priority`` list (default: 300).

Author: ```suggestion
* ``leader_autoreturn``: ``true`` / ``false`` (default: false).
* ``autoreturn_delay`` -- the time before failover will try to return leader
  in replicaset to the first instance in ``failover_priority`` list (default: 300).
```
